[Music]
today's Sanchez hazard lucky zet oh my
god a Korean woman I would ever go
already
no no water back no way
what please no Winston what husband is
away what a pack to my train blues holy
shit
oh my god no I've got to carry on - no
you're a blues in a pack
[Music]
really yeah he's like is that what it's
gonna be like today come on Tim Howard
[Music]
oh please 1.4 million
Oh Oh No
oh my god he's one of the best blues I
could have got are you miser hi makes
the hundred Capac I'm not gonna stick
oh no that was what how we've got we've
gone out got messy
we caught the two best players in the
game Oh Josh Josh
oh my no - no even joking I've got
bravery
I have gone Ronaldo Messi I look crews I
got the inner ear
I know I'm you Josh this game is gonna
kill me ah I won she won
[Music]